Fix error in parallelization scheme (#4760)
MDAnalysis/mdanalysis: package/doc/sphinx/source/documentation_pages/analysis/parallelization.rst

   Parallelization is getting added to existing analysis classes.  Initially,
   only :class:`MDAnalysis.analysis.rms.RMSD` supports parallel analysis, but
   we aim to increase support in future releases. Please check issues labeled

>    `parallelization` on the MDAnalysis issues [page](https://github.com/MDAnalysis/mdanalysis/issues).

Reviewer: You can make the link https://github.com/MDAnalysis/mdanalysis/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Aparallelization

>    we aim to increase support in future releases. Please check issues labeled
>    `parallelization` on the MDAnalysis issues [page](https://github.com/MDAnalysis/mdanalysis/issues).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   we aim to increase support in future releases. Please check issues labeled
   `parallelization` on the [MDAnalysis issues tracker](https://github.com/MDAnalysis/mdanalysis/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Aparallelization).
```

>    `parallelization` on the [MDAnalysis issues tracker](https://github.com/MDAnalysis/mdanalysis/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Aparallelization).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   `parallelization` on the `MDAnalysis issues tracker <https://github.com/MDAnalysis/mdanalysis/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Aparallelization>`_.
```
sphinx not markdown
